INSURANCE PAYOUT STATEMENT
You knew your parents took out
life insurance policies, didn't you?
You were at the scene that day
and were the only survivor.
You're the only one…
who knows the truth.
Who started the fire?
Don't tell me…
That's right.
It was me.
I killed them.
Tell me exactly what happened.
I killed my parents
to get the insurance payout.
What? Is that not a good enough answer?
I got those men to take out policies too,
but it didn't work out.
I killed all of them.
Did you really do it?!
That's what you wanted to hear.
Tell me the truth.
The truth?
I've always spoken the truth.
You're the one who won't believe me.
I'm curious.
If the secret you've been hiding
is out in the open,
would you still be so composed?
How long are you going
to keep defending Ms. Han?
I'm losing face in front of the staff.
She's important to me.
Every shadow needs light
to maintain balance.
Chair Kim.
I heard a story that gave me chills.
Apparently, Ms. Han…
You think I killed my fiancé
for a measly 200 million won?
Do you know what insurance scammers
have in common?
Once they've had a taste of money,
they want more.
What is it that you really want to know?
Your fiancé
and Kim Yun-ji.
Did you kill them?
You're the only one
who knows the truth.
This is when
detective experience pays off, huh?
If your gut tells you something's wrong,
there's always a reason.
You've dealt with enough cases
to know the signs.
What's the problem?
You should be excited
about uncovering evidence.
Has that experience ever failed you?
Or did you ever want it to be wrong?
What?
Don't tell me
you still believe her?
You've got to be kidding me!
By the way…
why did you stay by my side back then?
When we were kids,
no one would sit next to me
because they said I smelled like smoke.
But whenever I went to the cafeteria,
you were always waiting for me.
You'd sit across from me and eat with me.
That's how
I found the courage…
to go back to school each day.
It wasn't our fault, you know.
I think that was the day
when it all started.
Go find your mother.
Find her and bring her back,
you little bastard!
She said she was going out to make sales,
but then she threw me away
like I was garbage.
You're just like your mother,
you ungrateful bastard.
You little shit.
Why you…
You punk!
Come here. You're dead.
Eun-hye, run.
-Get over here!
-Go, Eun-hye.
You little bastard!
You bastard.
Damn you!
Dad!
Dad…
Do Eun-hyuk, get up.
Here, try this.
Slow down.
Here you go.
Goodness, you eat so well.
Stay still.
I realized for the first time that night…
what it feels like
to have someone by my side.
I still got hit just as badly,
but it hurt less,
and I could endure it.
I could keep living.
No one gets to pick their parents
before they're born.
So it wasn't our fault.
Not yours, not mine.
It wasn't my fault?
It wasn't your fault
that your house caught on fire that day.
I know you feel guilty
for surviving alone.
But you have to let it go.
That's enough.
Stop drinking.
Why do you two keep drinking
on an empty stomach?
Is it okay for the bar to smell like food?
Who cares? It's my bar.
Jeez, I should just run a restaurant
instead of a bar.
GANGHA POLICE STATION
VIP INVITATION SPECIAL AUCTION
I got approval
to reopen the Kim Yun-ji case.
Really?
Yes!
But if we strike out again,
I'll have to resign.
Treat everyone who was at Royal Auction
that night as a suspect,
and investigate every single one of them.
Then we need to get the VIP list first.
I know someone who can help.
PORTRAITS OF A WOMAN: SPECIAL EXHIBITION
This special exhibition,
Portraits of a Woman,
strives to capture
the artistic spirit of female artists
who challenge life's injustices
and defy conventional expectations
through their work.
This piece attempts to subvert
the traditional image of a seiren.
It sheds the symbolism
of a witch who lures men to their deaths
and instead portrays
the modern femme fatale,
a woman of undeniable allure
who never loses her sense of agency.
It sounds just like you, Ms. Han.
It's good to see you looking well
despite what happened.
I heard about your fiancé's accident.
It must've been so hard for you.
Thank you for your concern.
Had I known,
I wouldn't have written about Ms. Kim.
I had no idea it was a string of deaths.
Shall we wrap it up, then?
Sure.
Thank you.
I couldn't get anything out of Ms. Han.
I figured as much.
It's the annual advertising contract.
Just give me some content,
and I'll spin it into an amazing piece.
THE CLIENT SHALL PAY THE SERVICE PROVIDER
A FEE OF 30,000,000 WON
Would you look at that.
This is a hefty invoice.
Got anything juicier?
Juicier?
Gossip is only interesting
when it's ongoing.
Something juicier, huh?
Just you wait.
This is the insurance policy
for the Stiller.
Insurance documents
contain a lot of information
about who took out policies
and the circumstances,
including when, how, and why.
Your family's case is too old,
and the insurance company is gone.
Is that why you confessed?
In the end,
you won't find out anything.
I'm the only one who knows the truth
about that day.
You wanted me to believe you.
Or was that not the case?
UNREAD MESSAGES
Who are you?
It's 45, Saebit-ro, Yeonho-gu,
Cheonin-si, Gyeonggi.
Felix Storage.
Come to this location.
If you don't arrive within an hour,
the whole world will know your secret.
I'm looking for this area.
Can you tell me who left this here?
I'm afraid I can't disclose that
due to security reasons.
I'm with the person who came
from Royal Auction.
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
SIU SENIOR MANAGER CHA WOO-SEOK
Thank you.
Artwork and wine are kept
in a separate, secure area here,
so you can check for yourself in a moment.
This is a live CCTV feed.
You can monitor the entrance and interior
of the storage facility around the clock.
Watch out!
Are you okay?
Damn it.
What…
You're all set.
I'll give you more hydrocolloid bandages.
If it swells up,
replace it with a new one.
Thank you.
Does she not need to go to the hospital?
It's just an abrasion,
so if she keeps the bandage on,
it should heal without scarring.
She's a former nurse.
She's an expert,
so you don't need to worry.
That's quite an unusual background
for a secretary.
I specifically hired her
because I'm still dealing
with the aftereffects of an accident.
We can't disclose
the storage owner's details
due to privacy reasons.
This wasn't an accident.
It was intentional.
A person got injured!
Then call the police.
If the police investigate,
won't other customers' identities
get exposed too?
If that's the case,
I'll have to reconsider my contract.
Mr. Paek.
If you just tell us the storage owner
and leave it at that,
everyone comes out ahead.
What brought you here
at this particular time?
I was considering signing with them
for a warehouse for our new venture.
What brought you two here?
We came because this is
one of our storage providers.
Thank you for your help, Mr. Paek.
Are you sure you're okay?
Let me drive you back.
It's okay.
I still have some work to take care of.
I'll drive her back,
so just have your driver
bring Ms. Han's car around front.
As you wish.
Did you follow me?
Why did you come here?
Why did you go inside?
You think this is a coincidence?
Someone set a trap on purpose.
How could you come here alone?
You should've told me!
Tell me what's going on so I can help you.
Help?
Don't you mean suspect?
What if I'm concerned and not suspicious?
You claim you killed your parents,
yet I'm still searching for reasons
it wasn't you.
Who is this person?
Oh, that's Hwang Suk-ji.
She's Ms. Han's friend,
and she owns a bar near the company.
-And who's this?
-That's Ko Sang-mi.
She's an assistant manager.
This is the person Ms. Kim Yun-ji
was last seen with that day.
ROYAL AUCTION VIP NIGHT
PAEK JUN-BEOM
Right here.
His name is Paek Jun-beom.
He made a fortune with a start-up.
He and Ms. Han
have been getting pretty cozy lately.
But…
I highly doubt it's anything serious.
Why would someone running
a unicorn company go for someone like her?
Oh, right.
I find this one a bit off though.
Mr. Do Eun-hyuk?
Yes.
There are rumors all over the company
that he worships Ms. Han like a queen.
I wouldn't have hired him
if I'd known they went to school together.
Do Eun-hyuk was in Cheongun
on the day of Yoon Seung-jae's accident.
He was also at the scene
when Kim Yun-ji died.
And he was the one
who helped prove Han Seol-ah's alibi.
Han Seol-ah and Do Eun-hyuk
working together as accomplices?
That sounds totally plausible.
If there was an accomplice,
we could disprove Han Seol-ah's alibi
at the time of Kim Yun-ji's fall.
If only we had one case to leverage
before we bring in Do Eun-hyuk
for questioning.
If the Kim Yun-ji case
seems like a dead end,
we'll just find another way.
Let's look into
Yoon Seung-jae's death case again.
I thought they'd reveal themselves
if I came alone.
This isn't something you can handle alone.
They lured you out here
and put you in danger,
but their plans went sideways
because I showed up.
Do you really think
Mr. Paek is behind all this?
I saw someone suspicious
in the storage facility.
Then Paek Jun-beom came running
as if he had been waiting.
Then do you think
he might be watching us from somewhere
right now?
Let's go in together.
Let's see how they react.
There's only water and alcohol here.
Take your pick.
I'll have what you're having.
I noticed this logo on his business card.
Does it have a special meaning?
Anyway, it's a shame
that you can't trust people.
Is this
a common wine?
No.
He designed the label himself,
so it was sold exclusively
at the restaurant.
I saw the same wine
at Paek Jun-beom's place,
which means
he definitely visited the restaurant.
Aren't you afraid of me?
I could be lying to you
after killing all those men.
I suppose so.
And I told you I started the fire.
Those words stuck with me…
and came across differently.
It was as if you wanted me
to see the hidden truth.
Usually, it's the adults
who create tragedies,
not the children.
It was my choice.
People who have hit rock bottom know
that misfortune
has a way of going after those
who have nothing.
The loan shark debt my father owed
kept snowballing,
and there was no way out
until he died.
Go see a movie.
You said you wanted to.
See you later.
One day,
my mom forced me to go out
and see a movie.
Something didn't feel right.
DUMARI CHICKEN
I used the money
to buy fried chicken back home instead.
But by then,
my parents had already taken pesticide…
and there was gasoline all over the floor.
I knew they were trying to stage the fire
as an accident.
I was going to die with them…
but I failed.
And I ended up alone in hell.
I found out later
that my father wanted to use
the death benefit…
to pay off the debt.
When my mom found out,
she decided to die with him.
I'm alive today…
at the cost of their lives.
I'm a terrible daughter.
You only wanted to ease
your parents' suffering,
but the world was so cruel
that it made a child want to die.
Don't hold it in.
It's okay to cry.
GANGHA POLICE STATION
The cause of death was drowning,
and his injuries were sustained
after he fell into the water.
YACHT REPAIRED THE DAY BEFORE THE ACCIDENT
Records show that the yacht was repaired
the day before the accident.
Yes, Cheongun Police checked out the place
but didn't find anything unusual.
Things could be different at the scene.
Let's check it out.
Hello.
Oh, Sang-mi.
You're in charge of managing
our off-site storage providers, right?
Yes.
Please send me that list right now.
I'll do that right away.
OFF-SITE STORAGE PROVIDER CONTRACT STATUS
Come to this location.
Do you need to contact a provider?
Oh.
Can we find out what pieces
are being stored at Felix Storage?
They blocked it off
for Chair Kim's personal use.
We signed a contract, but I don't think
anything has been stored there yet.
-Is that so?
-I haven't received any official orders.
All right.
You're here.
Is this going to Hannam-dong?
Yeah.
She spent three billion won
on random paintings,
so I'm sure she's waiting eagerly.
It's about time I send her an invitation.
Now that she's getting
one of your kimchi jars,
she can finally buy the paintings
she really wants.
That's right.
It's the same as spending
tens of millions of won
to be able to purchase
a luxury bag like that.
People take such pride in being chosen
that they get carried away spending money.
How did you know
she'd spend three billion won?
There was a look in her eye.
People can't hide their greed, you know.
I see that kind of look sometimes.
Right.
This is really nothing special.
I don't know why people make such a fuss
over not receiving this.
Goodness.
I emailed you the media art video
for the upcoming exhibition.
Please take a look.
All right.
Did it turn out okay?
Nothing appeals to me these days.
It's a reinterpretation
of Andy Warhol's work,
and it shows the bold energy
of an emerging artist.
It's a bit provocative,
but it stays in line with current trends.
Is that so?
Let's see here.
I like the color scheme.
The visual transitions are a bit fast.
Young artists these days
have some really interesting ideas.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'll make some adjustments
based on your feedback.
All right.
Who is it?
I'm from Royal Auction.
The Katarina?
It had a lot of minor issues.
As big as they are,
yachts can be
surprisingly high-maintenance.
Let's see, the Katarina…
Here it is.
BOAT MAINTENANCE ESTIMATE
There was a loose connection
between the engine and starter wire.
Think of it as a couple
on the brink of divorce.
The engine has trouble starting
and sometimes just shuts off.
-Then what--
-But the thing is,
I'm positive that I fixed all that.
There was nothing wrong with the yacht.
My pride is on the line here.
I'm more than capable of fixing this.
Did Mr. Yoon Seung-jae
mention anything that day?
I think his friend came instead that day.
I think he said Mr. Yoon was busy
or something.
His friend?
Was it a man?
Yes, they came here together
every now and then.
Was it this person?
Was it?
I think it was him.
Yes.
Can you make repairs
without the owner present?
Well, I did it because he had the key.
The key?
The key to the Katarina.
Are you leaving early?
See? I told you not to come to work.
Eat this and get some sleep.
Or I can take you to the hospital.
There's no time. I have to get going.
Go where?
I thought you were heading home.
There's a problem with the catalog I sent,
so I have to go to the print shop.
But the Auction Team…
Did Han Seol-ah tell you to go?
The Auction Team has a heavy workload.
Are you an idiot?
Why do you do everything she asks?
My photos are in that catalog.
I'm okay.
I'll go home afterward.
One of you will stand next to me
at the next major auction.
It's been decided
that the associate auctioneer
will be selected internally,
so give it your best effort.
-Yes, ma'am.
You can leave now.
Lunch?
Have you eaten?
Not yet.
Shall we go have lunch, then?
I'm telling you, something's up.
No way.
Are you saying
there's something between them?
That's not like Ms. Han.
There was a look in their eyes.
It was full of romance.
And they went out for lunch on their own.
Oh, my. Maybe they're already dating.
Hey.
What about us?
Darn it, I was saving it.
You want one? Here you go.
As usual, this is getting me
through the day.
Complimentary drinks for friends.
They say the more you fight,
the closer you get.
It's nice to see you two getting along.
Thanks. Can you leave us to talk?
Oh, sure.
By this time tomorrow,
even the cleaning staff at Royal Auction
will probably recognize you
as the star of the gossip.
No way.
It'll certainly be effective.
Tell me everything.
Anything that could be connected
to Paek Jun-beom.
I first met him at an auction preview
about a week before Ms. Kim's accident.
Are you sure about that?
Yes.
I'd never seen him before that.
But for some reason,
I got the feeling he already knew me.
I can't explain it,
but it felt like
he looked right through me.
Chances are, he already knew you.
He probably kept tabs on you for a while
before approaching.
But why?
If he's the one who killed those men,
there's only one reason.
He wants you.
HAN SEOL-AH(28).M4A
Seol-ah.
Where are you right now?
Why?
Seung-jae…
was in an accident.
Can you…
Can you come to the dock right now?
"Can you come to the dock right now?"
The investigation report
states that Han Seol-ah and Do Eun-hyuk
arrived at the scene
less than an hour after the police called.
By the way,
why wasn't that logged as evidence?
I discovered it late.
Did you report it to me?
Of course.
YOUR HOME
Look here.
This is usually
where the CEO's photo goes,
but it's empty.
This means the bastard
is insecure about his looks.
But check this out.
He's unexpectedly
and insanely good-looking.
I mean, it's totally unfair.
He's good-looking, tall, well-educated,
and filthy rich from making an app.
You should've made an app too.
I know, right?
Why am I only smart
when it comes to bad stuff?
Hey, zoom in on that photo.
-Which one?
-This one.
-This one?
-Yeah.
"OnWorld"?
On the 14th in Raqqa, Syria,
a terrorist attack was carried out
by an armed group called IS,
claiming the life of a Korean aid worker
and adding to the grief of this tragedy.
Lee Su-ho died in Syria,
and he was also with OnWorld.
ONWORLD VOLUNTEER WORK PHOTO BOOK
I'm sorry for the wait.
It took a while to find these.
That's okay.
Please take a seat.
I don't see a Paek Jun-beom
in our personnel records,
but if he was wearing our vest,
he was probably a volunteer.
-A volunteer?
-Yes.
We have so many one-off volunteer events
that it's hard to keep track.
Oh, but I can ask
the volunteer group for you.
Thank you.
And as for Mr. Lee Su-ho,
he was our employee.
I heard he got into an accident in Syria,
but that happened before I started here.
Is there anyone who knew him well?
The relief team leader, Mr. Lee Kwang-jin,
probably knew him well
since he's been on every overseas mission.
Then he might remember Paek Jun-beom.
I suppose so if they went together.
Is he here right now?
He's currently in Laos on business,
but he'll be back soon.
PERSONNEL FILE
NAME: LEE SU-HO
Right here.
We're focusing on the accomplice angle
and identifying potential suspects
among Han Seol-ah's associates.
I'm here to ask for your cooperation
with the investigation.
It's your request,
so of course we'll cooperate.
I can give you the records of her parents.
What else do you need?
For now, we need the SIU to stay back
and let the police handle everything.
Where have you been?
-What is it?
-Detective Gong is here.
She's over there.
We'll request your cooperation
in the joint investigation
once we find Kim Yun-ji's killer.
That's fine by us.
Why are you going this far?
Do you have any idea what I did
to cover up that burner phone?
Do you really believe Han Seol-ah?
She received her parents'
insurance payout.
It was a joint suicide.
The family tried to die together,
but Han Seol-ah survived.
She was only 15 years old
when she went through that.
That woman…
is just a victim.
Are you sure your emotions
aren't keeping you from seeing the truth?
Syria…
BOAT MAINTENANCE ESTIMATE
I did this…
because Seol-ah asked me to.
She was worried because the engine
wouldn't start properly,
so she asked me to get it repaired…
since Seung-jae was too busy
to take care of it himself.
The mechanic repaired everything
without any problems.
And the accident happened
the next day, correct?
Who gave you the key?
Seol-ah.
I don't think
I would've wanted to do such a favor.
Mr. Do Eun-hyuk.
It seems like Han Seol-ah
always comes first in everything you do.
SEOL-AH
Go ahead and answer.
Is there a problem?
No.
There's no problem.
MISSED CALL
SEOL-AH
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
This is Lee Kwang-jin from OnWorld.
I heard you were looking for me.
Hello, sir.
I'm investigating
Mr. Lee Su-ho's accident, and--
Su-ho
died because of Han Seol-ah.
I'm catching a flight back to Korea,
so I'll explain everything when I arrive.
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin?
Yes.
I'm Cha Woo-seok. We talked on the phone.
Jun-beom?
Of course, I remember him.
He started volunteering for OnWorld
in college.
Even though he came
from a well-off family,
he really cared about the underprivileged.
Did he also volunteer overseas?
Yes.
He even took time off from school to help.
If it hadn't been
for that incident in Syria…
Syria?
Was he with Lee Su-ho?
Do you remember
anything at all?
It was my fault.
What if there's another accomplice?
Someone with money, time, and the means.
I've seen him before.
If you've lost everything,
you've got nothing left to lose
and nothing to fear.
This accident happened
while I was tracking down a suspect.
What if I just use you and walk away?
I don't care.
Go ahead and use me.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim